Good morning, family.
I tried to get a video out yesterday, and we had it all recorded, but I didn't realize the neighbor was working in the yard.
I could hear him, but I didn't realize how much it picked up in the background and messed up the video.
It sounded like he was using his blower to blow the leaves off from the fall.
I just told him, 'Let's just do it over,' as frustrating as it is after you've taken an hour of your time to do that.
But it wasn't meant to be.
What was cool was when Diana and I were praying outside in the yard, there were two bald eagles flying over.
When we were praying for America and for the United States, they were flying over and circling.
It was really touching because it was just at that moment when we started praying for President Trump that those eagles came down, landed in the trees, and circled us.
It was really a cool moment.
Billy Burke is coming to Tulsa, Oklahoma, December 8th and 9th.
He's coming to Millennial Church.
A lot of people are always asking me, 'Brandon, can you let us know whenever you know of a meeting where you believe the glory is going to show up?
' This is one that I believe has the opportunity.
I believe the glory of God's going to show up here on the 8th and 9th at Millennial Church in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
I would encourage anyone, if he's in your area, to pull up his itinerary.
My son puts up new meetings all the time.
Go and support Billy Burke.
If you get to go to the front and he prays for you and asks where you're from, just tell him Brandon sent you from YouTube.
He'll probably get a kick out of that because I've sent a lot of people to him through this channel.
I believe in him and the outpouring that is coming—the creative miracles and manifestations of power.
This is a time like we've never seen before.
I believe we're going to start to see a move of God in America and around the world.
Billy Burke is a vessel the Lord is using to bring forth healings.
I'm excited for his ministry because when I went last time to Eufaula, Oklahoma, the presence of the Lord was radically strong.
It changed me forever.
I've been a meeting junkie, going around trying to find where the Spirit of the Lord is moving, but it was the strongest there.
I encourage you to come to Millennial Church.
It's not a big church, so seating might be limited.
He goes to Pittsburgh, Canada, Florida, and California a lot.
If you have the opportunity, be there.
The second thing is that Sister Billye Brim and Rick Renner are going to do a conference at Glorious Church Fellowship with Pastor Chip Brim.
They're going to do a meeting for a week talking about end times, the Rapture, and the Thousand-Year Reign, backing it up with scripture.
Rick Renner is an expert in the Greek, and Billye is an expert in prophecy and end-time eschatology.
They've never done a meeting together teaching on end-time stuff.
It's going to be in February 2025.
We're excited to hear the end-time teachings and get our tanks filled up for the new year.
Start out with Billy Burke, Billye Brim, and Rick Renner.
I'm not sponsoring these; they didn't ask me.
I just felt in my heart to share these two meetings.
I want to share a testimony.
Remember Diana prayed for people to conceive?
In the last week, she's had several emails from ladies saying they were able to get pregnant this month after believing for a long time.
I give all the glory to God.
One had been trying for several years, and the doctor said it wouldn't happen, but the Lord blessed them.
We're believing for full-term, healthy babies.
Diana read 'Supernatural Childbirth,' and we took communion every day.
She said, 'Brandon, I'm going to have a supernatural childbirth and experience no pain.
' I agreed with her.
We looked at the scripture about how the Hebrew women had easy births compared to the Egyptians.
We latched onto that scripture.
At the hospital, the doctors didn't think she was in labor because she wasn't in agony.
They thought it was Braxton Hicks, but her water had broken.
Her contractions were high, but she felt no pain.
They tried to pressure her into an epidural, but she refused.
I saw in the spirit realm an angel touching her stomach and her back the whole time.
But then doubt and fear entered the room from the doctors and visitors.
When Diana started doubting because of the environment, I saw the angel take his hand off and disappear.
Jesus had to tell the unbelievers to leave the room when he raised the little girl.
We didn't do that, and it robbed the blessing.
She went from feeling nothing to excruciating pain instantly.
I was yelling at the wall, 'Where did the angel go?
' Fear tolerated is faith contaminated.
Megan was delivered healthy with perfect Apgar scores.
We're still learning.
We're not moved by what we see.
We're believing Megan will fully talk and be completely healed from autism.
God wants to show up and show off in your life, just like He did with the blind child, with blind Bartimaeus, and the woman with the issue of blood.
Do you believe Jesus will heal you?
Blind Bartimaeus and the woman with the issue of blood waited years.
She touched the hem of His garment and was made whole.
You've got to say it and receive it.
Jesus already did the work.
He took all sickness, disease, poverty, and addictions.
Christ redeemed us from the curse of the law.
Use your authority.
Speak to your circumstances.
If you've been diagnosed with cancer or diabetes, tell it to go in the name of Jesus.
You have authority in all three realms: Heaven, Earth, and Hell.
We're going to take communion.
This is the meal that heals.
Don't just believe for tomorrow; believe for today.
Why not now?
I pray for healing for diabetes, heart disease, blood pressure, and dementia.
I pray for the children with special needs—autism, Cerebral Palsy, Down syndrome, and apraxia of speech.
I speak over lungs, for emphysema and COPD to be gone.
I call for brand-new kidneys, bladders, and healing from leukemia.
I pray over all of the people that are wanting babies.
I thank you that those mothers will be able to conceive their babies in the name of Jesus supernaturally.
I speak against menopausal symptoms and hot flashes.
I see the fire of the Holy Spirit moving on you right now, healing cancer.
I see eyes being healed of cataracts and detached retinas.
I see ears being healed.
We pray for Elon Musk to be born again and for President Trump to be on fire for Jesus.
We pray for the United States, for a Great Awakening and a wakeup call, but not a crash like the 1930s.
Subscribe to our channel and like the video.
I love this Nancy Dufresne sweatshirt.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and the eagles were cool, weren't they?
God bless you all.